We now shift to something we have been ignoring for a while. 
This actual process of a shock-wave. 
What is it?
Why do they happen?
They make up about half of compressible flow analysis so we should study them. 
The short answer.
They are discontiunities in the dependent fields.
They arise because you are traveling faster than the speed at which a wave can travel in the media.
This means what the field cannot "react", "adjust", "conform" to variations of the traveling body. 
If we consider an airfoil sitting in external flow we imagine streamlines smoothly immersing it. 
If we rotate or move the air foil we see the streamlines "react" to this motion, even upstream!
One question is how in the heck is upstream fluid "experiencing" effects downstream?
Well this can be rationalized by pressure waves emminating off the airfoil surfaces.
Lets say the body is traveling slowly, Ma<0.2.
This infers that the pressure waves travel much faster than the body.
Molecularly the waves are compressed regions of molecules traveling forwards due to Newtons 3rd law.
When we say the upstream steamlines "react" to the perturbation we actually seeing an equilibirum of molecular forces take place.
The time constant of this decay to equilibirum is so small however we just can't see it with the naked eye. 
Now when scientists started to do this at extremely high speed Ma>1, they saw no change upstream.
They began to sharp lines form due to sharp density, temp, pressure variations. 
They could wiggle the airfoil back and forth and the upstream didn't seem to care at all. 
The upstream became invariant to downstream conditions, this is exactly why we saw "choked"flow conditions. 
This is precisely why mass flow rate has maximum values in gas dynamics. 
The shock waves must be understood mathematically as best we can however, because they cause extrememly sharp pressure changes. 
The pressure changes are analogous the NPSH for internal incompressible flow. 
Shock waves are like the cavitation for compressible flow!
